README.md, before:

# bamazon
An Amazon-like app that will take in orders from customers and deplete stock from the store's inventory. Powered by MySQL

The app will take in orders from customers and deplete stock from the store's inventory. 

As a bonus task, you can program your app to track product sales across your store's departments and then provide a summary of the highest-grossing departments in the store.

-Include screenshots (or a video) of typical user flows through your application (for the customer and if relevant    the manager/supervisor). This includes views of the prompts and the responses after their selection (for the         different selection options).
-Include any other screenshots you deem necessary to help someone who has never been introduced to your application   understand the purpose and function of it. This is how you will communicate to potential employers/other developers  in the future what you built and why, and to show how it works. 
-Because screenshots (and well-written READMEs) are extremely important in the context of GitHub, this will be part   of the grading.

1-Create a MySQL Database called bamazon.
2-Then create a Table inside of that database called products.
3-The products table should have each of the following columns:
    -item_id (unique id for each product)
    -product_name (Name of product)
    -department_name
    -price (cost to customer)
    -stock_quantity (how much of the product is available in stores)

1-Populate this database with around 10 different products. (i.e. Insert "mock" data rows into this database and      table).
2-Then create a Node application called bamazonCustomer.js. Running this application will first display all of the      items available for sale. Include the ids, names, and prices of products for sale.
3-The app should then prompt users with two messages.
  -The first should ask them the ID of the product they would like to buy.
-The second message should ask how many units of the product they would like to buy.
1-Once the customer has placed the order, your application should check if your store has enough of the product to meet the customer's request.
  -If not, the app should log a phrase like Insufficient quantity!, and then prevent the order from going through.
1-However, if your store does have enough of the product, you should fulfill the customer's order.
  -This means updating the SQL database to reflect the remaining quantity.
  -Once the update goes through, show the customer the total cost of their purchase.

Commit message:

added screenshots and logic for total display

README.md, after:

# bamazon
An Amazon-like app that will take in orders from customers and deplete stock from the store's inventory. Powered by MySQL

The app will take in orders from customers and deplete stock from the store's inventory. 

1-Populate this database with around 10 different products. (i.e. Insert "mock" data rows into this database and table).

![Alt text](db_firstprompt?raw=true "Title")

2-Then create a Node application called bamazonCustomer.js. Running this application will first display all of the items available for sale. Include the ids, names, and prices of products for sale.

![Alt text](relative/path/to/img.jpg?raw=true "Title")

3-The app should then prompt users with two messages.
  -The first should ask them the ID of the product they would like to buy.

![Alt text](relative/path/to/img.jpg?raw=true "Title")

-The second message should ask how many units of the product they would like to buy.

![Alt text](relative/path/to/img.jpg?raw=true "Title")

1-Once the customer has placed the order, your application should check if your store has enough of the product to meet the customer's request.
  -If not, the app should log a phrase like Insufficient quantity!, and then prevent the order from going through.
1-However, if your store does have enough of the product, you should fulfill the customer's order.
  -This means updating the SQL database to reflect the remaining quantity.
  -Once the update goes through, show the customer the total cost of their purchase.

![Alt text](relative/path/to/img.jpg?raw=true "Title")
